# Index

Here are some terms highlighted in the book. More of these information could be found in the [Xenoblade Wiki](https://xenoblade.fandom.com/wiki/)

- **Agnian Welcoming Stance**: Clench your right hand into a fist and put it by your heart. Refer to its use in `Kevesi Welcoming Stance`. 
- **Annihilator**: A cannon attached to the Keves Castle, capable of drawing energy from the black fog and fire annihilation events at anywhere it wanted to. Noah's group found a weakness in the design and destroyed it. 
- **Automaton:** Called [Automaton Sentry](https://xenoblade.fandom.com/wiki/Automaton_Sentry) in the wiki, they were levnises used by the Lost Numbers. 
- **Black Fog:** Where black fog appears, annihiliation events became high probable. The Kevesi castle had created an annihilator that harness the black fog's power, a man-made annihilation is thus available. 
- **City:** Where the Lost Numbers lived.
- **Colony Ranks:** (from the Wiki) Assigned by the castle, it determined their priority in receiving supplies and luxury. In reality, they were created to motivate them to fight furiously, and when they reached Gold, a moebius will come and eliminate them, as they had no way to advance anymore, hence lost their motivation. The ranks, from low to high, are: 
  - Dirt
  - Tin
  - Copper
  - Iron
  - Steel
  - Silver
  - Gold
- **Ferronis:** The colony levnis, flame clock levnis, flame clock war machine. People live in it, or under it, when the colony isn't at war. 
- **Ferronis Hulk:** Dilapidated, demolished, and/or abandoned Ferronis. These are usually rusty. 
- **Flame Clock:** The clocklike figure located at the top of a Ferronis. The flame clock determines the strength of its soldiers. If the flame clock falls to zero, those linked to that flame clock lose their lives. 
- **Interlink:** A Kevesi and an Agnian, joined together, to form an interlink. The interlinked form is called **Ouroboros.**
- **Iris:** Every soldier, Agnian or Kevesi, had an Iris that used for transferring information. Though, this Iris also send information back to the castle; hence Noah's team current location was always known prior to wearing the eyepatch. Linked to the flame clock, the moebius could press a button and their mind would be put to sleep, their body continued fighting against their will. Upon waking up, they won't remember what had happened, except for the sore muscles from muscle memory. 
- "**Kevesi Welcoming Stance:** It's an official stance to acknowledge some information passed from higher ups, or to welcome someone (like the Consul), or just a formal stance for whatever. Put your left hand into a fist, palm facing inwards, hold it slightly in front of your shoulder (lower or higher probably didn't matter), and stood with both feets together, straight as a log. 
- **Levnis:** The war machines that Agnus and Keves soldiers used in their war. With higher technology, the Agnian levnises could be autonomous, while Kevesi levnises were almost always piloted by a living soldier, except for the one the protagonist built, taking inspiration from Agnian's levnises. Agnian levnises also are capable of antigravity technology, floating their torso above a rounded ball, like the tracking ball in a mouse. Keves levnises use the old-fashioned-but-reliable wheels. 
- **Memorial Hall**: A location in the city where the statues of the Founders stood. A Ouroboros Stone's Cage was there too! 
- **Mio's appreciation stance:** Wrapping her fist with another palm and put it to her chest, as if to appreciate. She did this a lot, so one'd give it a name. This will be in use starting chapter 3. 
- **Moebius:** Also called **Consul,** the true ruler of the world. They all ruled under Z, and they controlled both Kevesi and Agnians. They lived forever, all having strong will to live in the (certain) present moment, unwilling to trample into the uncertain future. Yet, it isn't free. They need to drink lives collected from the flame clock to maintain their immortality. 
- **Mondo:** Taion's weapon, a dove-like kite-shaped paper cards with eyes drew to the surface. 
- **Nopon:** Egglike inhabitants, whom shared their head with their torso, hands shaped like wings, and very short legs. Their usual height ranged below moderate human's thigh. Nopon are usually merchants, but like all inhabitants, there are other Nopons with other skills. 
- **Off-Seer:** Soldiers who "oversee" dead soldiers. Performing an off-seer ritual send the souls trapped lingering in the battlefield to Heaven, releasing them of their need and utmost desire to continual fighting even after their death. The off-seer ritual consisted of playing a melody. The melody slightly differs with Kevesi and Agnians, because Kevesi's black flute (Noah's original flute) is longer than Agnian's white flute (Mio's original flute); hence the longer flute produced a deeper and lower tone than the shorter ones. The real flute is/was available for sell, try search online! 
- **Origin:** The spaceship that was created by both Agnian and Kevesi's most skillful engineers, in order to escape from the final destruction when the two worlds collide. Translator don't know how they open a portal and get together to construct such giant ship before the two worlds joined; but they were successful, saving some genetics information onto the ship that allowed the people to reborn afterwards (because storing their body would be a waste of energy than just storing some juice to recreate their body upon reaching their destination, or upon needing them.) The Lucky Seven was made of Origin's metal, which was the strongest metal in the game, designed to withstand and survive the annihilation effect when the two worlds collide. The Origin later sunk under water for a long time as they combined, and Z took control from the Queens; at least, partial control. The theatre where the Moebius met was inside Origin. Where it was sunk, it created a vortex where ferronises traveling there would be rip into pieces, hence rendering it undiscoverable from either Kevesi or Agnians. 
- **Ouroboros:** Upon an interlink between a Kevesi and an Agnian, their joined form that resembles a monster, got stronger, about two to three times taller than normal human. An ouroboros won't die as long as it's ouroboros core isn't overheat, even if it's butchered into pieces (which will joined back instead). 
- **Ouroboros Core:** (the words itself is explaining). They are located at the chest of an Ouroboros. An ouroboros core will overheat if they stay too long in ouroboros form, or used too much of the limited energy for fighting or for recombination if any body parts got cut off. When it overheat, they either forced themselves exit; if not, they'll explode. 
- **Ouroboros Ring:** Which replaced the flame clock on the iris once one became an ouroboros. It resembles a snake biting its own tail. 
- **Ouroboros Stone:** A stone to create Ouroboros. It was created unfinished by Nia, the Queen of Agnus, finished by Nikol and Riku ages before this story took place to enable interlinking. 
- **Power Frame:** Kevesi soldiers are generally weaker than Agnians. To balance the strength, they wore power frame to boost their strength. Moebius probably prevented the spread of power frame to the Agnians, to ensure their balance of power. 
- **Queen:** The assumed ruler of both Kevesi and Agnians. The Kevesi Queen was Melia Antiqua, from Xenoblade 1, resided in the castle that resembles Imperial Capital Alcamoth; the Agnian Queen was Nia, from Xenoblade 2, one is unsure of (or forgot about) the structure resemblance of the castle. 
- **Saffronia:** The tree associated with Nimue's original colony: a peaceful colony away from battle, planted food for themselves. 
- **Sena's encouraging stance**: she put both her arms like a boxing defense move; and if she nod her head, it seems encouraging; if she don't, she seemed curious or asked for pity. 
- **Swordmarch:** The original location of the city before it moved later in the chapter. 
- **Taion's Thinking Stance**: This didn't refer to one single stance. He usually put one arm around his waist or higher, the other resting on it. Sometimes, his fingertips were pushing his glasses up. Sometimes, he put them in front of his mouth, clenched lightly. Sometimes, he puts his arms lower, some distance below his chin. 
